Product Team Sync - October 14, 2025
Attendees: Rachel (CPO), Alex (Eng Lead), Sarah (Design Lead), Mike (PM)

Rachel: Alright team, let's dive in. We have about 45 minutes. First item - the Q4 roadmap. Mike, can you walk us through where we're at?

Mike: Sure. So we finalized the feature list last week. The big items are the new dashboard redesign, the API rate limiting improvements, and the mobile app performance updates. We're tracking on schedule for the dashboard, but I'm a bit concerned about the API work.

Alex: Yeah, I wanted to flag that. The rate limiting is more complex than we initially scoped. We discovered some legacy code that needs refactoring first. I think we need an extra two weeks, which would push us into early November.

Rachel: Okay, that's not ideal but I'd rather do it right. What's driving the complexity?

Alex: It's the authentication layer. It wasn't built to handle the granular rate limiting we want to implement. We need to refactor it first or we'll create technical debt that'll bite us later.

Rachel: Makes sense. Let's push it to November. Mike, can you update the roadmap and communicate the timeline change to stakeholders?

Mike: Will do. I'll send out an update by end of day Wednesday.

Sarah: On the dashboard redesign - we finished the final mockups and Alex's team reviewed them. We're ready to start implementation next week. I'll need to work closely with Alex's frontend team though.

Alex: Yeah, let's plan for daily syncs during implementation. Sarah, can you assign someone from your team to be embedded with my frontend devs?

Sarah: I'll have Jordan work with them. She's been leading the design system work so she knows the components inside out.

Rachel: Perfect. Sarah, can you also document the design system guidelines for the new dashboard components? We need that for the eng team.

Sarah: Absolutely. I'll have that ready by Friday.

Rachel: Great. Now, the mobile performance issues. Mike, where are we on that?

Mike: We've identified the main bottleneck - it's the image loading. We're going to implement lazy loading and optimize the cache strategy. Should see 40% improvement in load times.

Rachel: Timeline?

Mike: Two weeks if everything goes smoothly. But I need to coordinate with Alex's team on the implementation.

Alex: Yeah, we can prioritize this. I'll put two of my mobile engineers on it full time. Let's target October 28th for completion.

Rachel: Good. One more thing - we got customer feedback that the onboarding flow is confusing. Has anyone looked into this?

Sarah: I saw those tickets. I think we should do a quick usability study. Can we budget for that?

Rachel: How much are we talking?

Sarah: Maybe $5K for external participants and the testing platform. We could run it in the next two weeks.

Rachel: Approved. Sarah, can you get that started? And let's review findings in our next meeting on October 21st.

Sarah: On it. I'll send a research plan tomorrow for feedback.

Rachel: Anything else we need to discuss?

Alex: Just one thing - we need to schedule time to review our incident response process. We had that outage last week and I think we could improve our runbooks.

Rachel: Good point. Let's do a separate deep dive on that. Mike, can you schedule a 90-minute session with Alex, myself, and the ops team? Sometime next week?

Mike: Sure, I'll find a slot.

Rachel: Okay team, let's recap action items before we wrap:

Alex mentioned the rate limiting timeline change, Mike is updating stakeholders, Sarah is documenting design guidelines and kicking off the usability study, and we have the mobile performance work starting with a target completion of October 28th. Also Mike will schedule the incident response review.

Does everyone have what they need?

All: Yep, sounds good.

Rachel: Great work everyone. Let's execute.
